Name: Prince Kannah
Class: CS 354 - Programming Languages
Date: 1/16/16


Overview:
 Cash Register is a Windows application that simiulates a cash register. Customers input product information
 and add that product to a shopping cart.


Program Design:
I try to employ the MVC design patter. The base object class is Item.cs. Each Item
has a name, price and quantity. I then created GroceryCart.cs to easily manage a collection of 
items. This collection is use to drive the ListView GUI object.


Program Development & Testing:
 GUI development with C# (using Visual Studio) is easier compared to Java.
 The easy drag and drop setup gives you immediate feedback how elements will look
 in your program.

 Getting the hang of Visual Studio was a bit tough at first. I spend quite a bit of time
 exploring and find my way around the enviroment. Keyboard shortcuts (call chord) is usually 
 done through a two key process. For example to autoformat your code you'll need to issue the
 keyboard command Crtl + K, Crtl + D or Crtl + R, Crtl + R to refactor. It took me a long
 time to find the GUI elements toolbox as it was hidden even when viewing the drap and drop
 design studio.

 C# is a language is pretty interesting. It's similar to Java in a lot of ways
 but also has some cool features and tricks. By far the most useful ones are TryParse().
 TryParse() takes a string to parse and goes through the process of parsing. It simply returns
 false if the parse was unsuccessful. The other one is that it seems like you can call ToString()
 whereever you like. I was able to do ToString() on an in-line calculation and no errors were thrown.

 The XAML syntax is the same as HTML so it wasn't too hard to understand. However, all the properties
 for the various GUI elements were confusing at times and the official documentation were not as helpful
 as I would have hoped. One part that I spend a lot of time on was getting my custom object (Item)
 to display correctly in the list. I finally came across an example that was key to getting me
 pass that particular issue.